Support capturing stack trace (#2163)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added `ErrorHandlerFunc` to use a function as an `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel".ErrorHandler`. (#2149)

> - Added `recordStackTrace` function to capture stack trace within `RecordError` API. (#2163)

Reviewer: Please rephrase this in terms of exporter behavior that the user will have use for.

> - Added opt-in stack trace capturing support which can be enabled by users at the end of a span, or with an event. (#2163)

Reviewer 2: what about something more or less like?

```suggestion
- Added `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace".WithStackTrace` option to add a stack trace when using `span.RecordError` or when panic is handled in `span.End`. (#2163)
```

PS. my English is far from perfect
